Updating readme to include proposal process (#1)
stencil-community/proposals: README.md

# Stencil Community Proposals

Use this repository to create proposals for new Stencil Community packages.

## Usage

> Proposals are written in issues.

Reviewer: Consider - adding a link to issue creation here since it's the first time we reference it in the doc

```suggestion
Proposals are written in [issues in this repository](https://github.com/stencil-community/proposals/issues).
```

To create a new proposal,

> 1. Search for existing proposals in [the issues](https://github.com/stencil-community/proposals/issues). The proposal may exist already. If it does, consider reading through it and adding your thoughts. You can also react to proposals by adding a :+1: reaction.

Reviewer: I'd consider using slightly more forceful language here to prevent duplicate proposals:
```suggestion
1. Search for existing proposals in [the issues](https://github.com/stencil-community/proposals/issues). The proposal may exist already. If it does, please feel free to add a :+1: reaction to the issue summary, and/or by adding your thoughts in the form of a comment on the issue. 
```

Author: Fixed in 1064b9ad027e7d351719ede1ba43eb19ac9dc3a8

> 1. If it does not exist, [create a new issue](https://github.com/stencil-community/proposals/issues/new) and fill out the template. :sparkles:

Reviewer: Discussed offline about creating these templates

Author: Template added in [f1b541d](https://github.com/stencil-community/proposals/pull/1/commits/f1b541dd6c6f1aedf565ad963b5a3d6547de9630)
